Design tests for your peer to peer applicaiton to test the communication between client and server, you must:

1. Design ONE test procedure a human can follow to check the basic behaviour of the application.

Test 1 (testing the whole game is working correct with the step provided): 
    1. Open the game on computer using terminal 
    2. Run the waiting for connection
    3. Open the same game on different terminal 
    4. Run the connect to button
    5. When the connection succeed, one user would have to enter the word for other person to guess
    6. The guesser would need to start guessing the world by entering one character at one time
    7. When the guesser successfully guessed the word or failed to guess the word, the game will end by closing the application

2. Design at least TWO test procedures a human can follow that provide unusual input that may cause the application to behave undesirably.

Test 2 (Test where user trying to connect to an user supplied ip address):
    1. user open the game on one computer
    2. user input the random input into the ip address
    3. user click the connect button to try to connect
    4. the program will connect to the other user and game will start

Test 3 (Test where user supply random input to try and guess the word):
    1. When the game already successfully connected the the game is up and running
    2. User input one whole word such as "testing" to guess
        or
    2. User input no value to the input box and enter
    3. program should count as wrong and continue the game


3. Perform these tests and describe the outcome of each test.

    Test 1 Outcome:
        From the step given in the test one, for each progressing step would successfully progress into the next step without any issues. When the user successfully answer the word or failed to answer the word, the game will end by closing the window.

    Test 2 Outcome:
        When user input a valid ip address with the program running on the computer of that ip address, the game run perfectly fine. However, when user supply an unreachable ip address, the program will try to connect to the ip address and ask for word to supply. When the user then click on send word, the whole program would crash.

    Test 3 Outcome:
        When the user supply more than one character, depending on what the user enter, it may or may not crash the program. However, when the user supply valid input the program would just treat it as wrong guess. Beside, if the user input empty character, it would consider and not valid and do not treat it as wrong but wait for the next input.


Document the three test procedures and their outcomes in a file called TESTING in the root of your project.

Arrange to be observed by your trainer demonstrating your ability to debug applications according to the tasks in the observation checklist